And so the adventure begins.
If you want it, work for it.
You can if you think you can. George Reeves
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Grow through what you go through.
Do it with passion or not at all.
She believed she could, so she did.
The past does not equal the future. Tony Robbins
Good things happen to those who hustle. Anaïs Nin
At the end of hardship comes happiness.
Don't dream your life, live your dream.
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way. Charlie Gilkey
Forget about style; worry about results. Bobby Orr
Whatever you do, do with all your might. Marcus Tullius Cicero
Dream without fear. Love without limits.
Every noble work is at first impossible. Thomas Carlyle
If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
You can do anything you set your mind to.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith. Plato
The wisest mind has something yet to learn. George Santanaya
Open your mind. Get up off the couch. Move. Anthony Bourdain
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. André Gide
Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable. Paramahansa Yogananda
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. Tony Robbins
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. Euripides
The true success is the person who invented himself. Al Goldstein
Let him that would move the world first move himself. Socrates
Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking. Augustine of Hippo
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough. Helen Keller
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb. Roman proverb
Life is fragile. We're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got. Tim Cook
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why. Mark Twain
Fall seven times, stand up eight. Japanese proverb (This is one of my favorite short quote.and let me know what's yours!
You are loved.
Actually, you can.
Yes! Yes! You can do it!
Focus on the good.
You are doing great.
We rise by lifting others.
Be happy. Be bright. Be you.
Every day is a second chance.
You are amazing. Remember that.
Darling, you are a work of art.
Each day provides its own gifts. Marcus Aurelius
Happiness looks gorgeous on you.
You are capable of amazing things.
You are somebody's reason to smile.
Nothing is worth more than this day. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Think like a proton, always positive.
You are stronger than you think you are.
Focus on the journey, not the destination. Greg Anderson
Believe you can and you're halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
Once you choose hope, anything is possible. Christopher Reeve
You make mistakes. Mistakes don't make you.
Breathe. It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. W. C. Fields
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. Booker T. Washington
It's okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up.
If you feel like giving up, look back at how far you've come.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Don’t go through life, grow through life. Eric Butterworth
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. Duke Ellington
You are amazing. As you are. Stronger than you know.More beautiful than you think. Tia Sparkles
Everything is going to be okay in the end. If it's not the okay, it's not the end.
Love.
Begin.
Let go.
Breathe.
Slow down.
Let it be.
Go for it.
I love you.
Keep going.
Choose joy.
Enjoy today.
C'est la vie.
Choose happy.
Keep it cool.
Take it easy.
Be in the now.
Live the moment.
Choose to shine.
No pain, no gain.
Do it. With love.
It is what it is.
Love conquers all.
Keep your chin up.
Follow your heart.
Don't rush things.
You only live once.
Never stop dreaming.
Now is all you have.
Keep moving forward.
This too shall pass.
Every moment matters.
Love more. Worry less.
Dust settles. I don't.
Nothing lasts forever.
Work hard. Stay humble.
Enjoy the little things.
The best is yet to come.
Better things are coming.
Collect moments not things.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
 
Why do they put pizza in a square box?
Do crabs think we walk sideways? Bill Murray
Don't be humble,you're not that great. Indira Gandhi
I intend to live forever. So far, so good. Steven Wright
My life feels like a test I didn't study for.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream? George Carlin
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last. Oscar Wilde
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol. Steven Wright
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. Steve Martin
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing. Friedrich Nietzsche
The last woman I was in was the Statue of Liberty. Woddy Allen
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story. Daphne du Maurier
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days. Benjamin Franklin
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. Mark Twain
Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy. Groucho Marx
Change is inevitable &#8211; except from a vending machine. Robert C. Gallagher
I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like. Bill Murray
Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.
Why is the slowest traffic of the day called &#8216;rush hour'?
It's easy to quit smoking. I've done it hundreds of times. Mark Twain
The risk I took was calculated, but man, I am bad at math.
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. Steven Wright
Do not read the next sentence. You little rebel, I like you.
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it. George Carlin
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back. Oscar Wilde
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library? Lily Tomlin
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by. Douglas Adams
I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back. Jimmy Kimmel
Those are my principles, and if you don’t like them&#8230; well, I have others. Groucho Marx
The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial. Mike Birbiglia
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't. Steve Martin
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can't.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
Shine like the stars.
You make my heart smile.
You will forever be my always.
Your voice is my favorite sound.
Throw kindness around like confetti.
My favorite place is inside your hug.
I still fall in love with you every day.
You smile, I smile. That's how it works.
She was a rainbow, but he was color blind.
We were born to be real, not to be perfect.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice.
By the way, I'm wearing the smile you gave me.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life. Oscar Wilde
When it rains look for rainbows. When it's dark look for stars.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world. Bill Wilson
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Ray Croft
The only truth is music. Jack Kerouac
Silence is an answer too.
If youth knew; if age could. Sigmund Freud
Time is the soul of this world. Pythagoras
Stars can't shine without darkness.
He not busy being born is busy dying. Bob Dylan
It takes a long time to become young. Pablo Picasso
Be who you needed when you were young.
Innocence is courage and clarity both. Osho
Find what you love and let it kill you. Charles Bukowski
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. Jean de La Fontaine
I am not young enough to know everything. Oscar Wilde
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down. Vanessa Paradis
The eyes are useless when the mind is blind.
If you're not confused, you're not paying attention. Tom Peters
You've gotta know what death is to know life. Jack Kevorkian
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past.
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most.
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong. Winston Churchill
Character like a photograph, develops in darkness.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. William Blake
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer. Gary Keller 
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails. Augustine of Hippo
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth. Pablo Picasso
Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean.
The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is. Nadine Gordimer
This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time.
Hearts are wild creatures, that's why our ribs are cages.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. Khalil Gibran
Your faith can move mountains and your doubt can create them.
Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur. Sri Sathya Sai Baba
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop. Rumi
Normality is a paved road: it's comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it.
One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end. Jiddu Krishnamurti
When you're happy you enjoy the music, when you're sad you understand the lyrics.
When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there. George Harrison
Please all, and you will please none. Aesop
The fool wonders, the wise man asks. Benjamin Disraeli
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
A man can't ride your back unless it's bent.
Don't raise your voice. Improve your argument.
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. Henry Ford
Some people are so poor, all they have is money. Jack Kerouac
All generalizations are false, including this one. Mark Twain
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. Henry David Thoreau
There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future. Augustine of Hippo
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. Winston Churchill
It's so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying.
It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense. Mark Twain
The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. James Crook
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count. Albert Einstein
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. Leonardo da Vinci
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce. Vivian Komori
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. Ray Knight
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt. Mark Twain
Live the life you've dreamed. Henry David Thoreau
Life is not fair; get used to it. Bill Gates
Life is a long lesson in humility. James M. Barrie
Life is a lively process of becoming. Douglas MacArthur
The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
Life is largely a matter of expectation. Homer
Don't count the days. Make the days count.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly. Mae West
Don't wait. Life goes faster than you think.
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard.
Life is too important to be taken seriously. Oscar Wilde
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity. Leo Tolstoy
Love the life you live. Lead the life you love. Bob Marley
Life is accepting what is and working from that. Gloria Naylor
We are all, right now, living the life we choose. Peter McWilliams
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. Socrates
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat. Henry David Thoreau
Life got to be about more than just solving problems. Elon Musk
Life isn't as serious as the mind makes it out to be. Eckhart Tolle
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. Kevin Kruse
The quality of life is more important than life itself. Alexis Carrel
You have to die a few times before you can really live. Charles Bukowski
What's coming will come and we'll meet it when it does. Hagrid
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. Anaïs Nin
Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses. Mary Anne Radmacher
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. Mae West
Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it. Jon Hamm
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. Kevin Kruse
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. Soren Kierkegaard
Life is amazing. Life is fucking messy. Life is what you make of it. Dwayne Johnson
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. Soren Kierkegaard
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing. Oscar Wilde
Only one life that soon is past, only what's done with love will last.
Don't be afraid your life will end. Be afraid that it will never begin. Grace Hansen
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. Oscar Wilde
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. Carl Gustav Jung
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. William Skakespeare
Life, it seems, is nothing if not a series of initiations, transitions, and incorporations. Alan Dundes
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. Albert Schweitzer
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art. Maya Angelou
I’ve never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation. Mike Todd
Enjoy the little things in life because one day you'll look back and realize they were the big things.
I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, tongue kissing, and dancing under the moon. Rachel Wolchin
All you need is love. John Lennon
Do all things with love. Og Mandino
Every lover is a soldier. Ovid
Who, being loved, is poor? Oscar Wilde
Speak low, if you speak love. William Shakespeare
Love is the absence of judgment. 
If you wished to be loved, love. Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Love the sinner and hate the sin. Augustine of Hippo
If a thing loves, it is infinite. William Blake
Economized love is never real love. Honore De Balzac
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The more you judge, the less you love. Honore de Balzac
Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love. Terence
Life is a game and true love is a trophy. Rufus Wainwright
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven. Karen Sunde
Love is the flower you've got to let grow. John Lennon
If love appears, boundaries will disappear. Osho
Intense love does not measure, it just gives. Mother Teresa
They do not love that do not show their love. William Shakespeare
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it. Benjamin Franklin
The more you love, the more you become lovable. Osho
You cannot save people, you can just love them. Anaïs Nin
Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears. Ovid
It is love alone that gives worth to all things. Teresa of Avila
Life in abundance comes only through great love. Elbert Hubbard
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom. Rabindranath Tagore
The art of love is largely the art of persistence. Albert Ellis
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. Mother Teresa
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. Oscar Wilde
You give me the kind of feeling people write novels about.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow. John Gay
Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it. Nicholas Sparks
Stay away from people who make you feel like you're hard to love.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood. George Orwell
Never let an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
The quickest way to get someone’s attention is to no longer want it.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still. Henry David Thoreau
Love needs great courage. It needs great courage because it needs the sacrifice of the ego. Osho
I don't have time to worry about who doesn't like me. I'm too busy loving people who love me.